In this project I concentrated most on a game that I liked as a child, of course, an easy one but not a beginner one. I made a ping pong game wich let's you play with a friend since it's a two people game or if you just want to play it alone, you can since you can easily control the two paddles yourself. It doesn't have a finish time nor a certain type of point to win, you can just play at your heart's content and if you get bored, you just close the window to finish. It has a great ping pong ball sound when it touches the paddles and the top or bottom border and the ball goes at a relative slow speed, but it picks up speed so you have to be careful. It tells you how many points the players have, it starts on zero but they can go up if you miss the ball and it passes your border. Overall it's a nice game when you are bored. The code itself is very easy to understand since it is made in parts so the professor can see how each part is mnade. We have the players variables first, then the windows that shows us the width and the height of the window. Next we got the left paddle, wich it shows how it was made, the color, the shape of it, the hight and lenght of the paddle so it wasnt very little or very large, the same thing with the right paddle. The ball was really easy since it was more or less like the paddles and I had the idea already, it tells us the speed that is zero so it doen't move fast, the shape, the color and the direction of it. I had to add a pen since it was for the scores, the pen basically puts the Players a and b and how many points they have in the game. The easiest part overall wich was the moving of the paddles, so they could move, you only put the y axis coordinate so it knows that is up and down and not slide to the right and left, and the speed it can move when you move it. The next thing was the moving keys that you use to play the game, without them, you cannot move the paddles, so you just assign a keyboard key so they know and executes it. The ball movement was relatively easy since it was only to put the x and y axis. We only have two steps left to finish the code and it is the borders, without that you don't have a game, on the borders you implement the points of each player when the ball passes, it tells the ball where to go when she passes the border so the ball isn't lost and the sound of the ball touching the top and bottom border is implemented here too. The final step is the collision, that is when the game is really a game since it tells what happens when the ball has a coallition with the paddles, you know what that means already, it tells the ball that when she encounters the paddle, she will rebound if the paddle is at the average of the ball, if it isn't, it is point for the player and has a niche sound when touching the paddle too. That's the explanation of my game, Hope the people reading it like it a lot, have fun!
